README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <h1 align="center">cve-rs</h1>

  <div align="center">

Blazingly 🔥 fast 🚀 memory vulnerabilities, written in 100% safe Rust. 🦀

  </div>
</p>

&nbsp;

**cve-rs** allows you to introduce common memory vulnerabilities (such as buffer overflows and segfaults) into your Rust program in a memory safe manner.

Rust is an amazing language. You can program a lot of useful things while ensuring that your program will stay safe. Unfortunately, safe Rust is quite limiting. For example, you cannot introduce code that could corrupt the program's memory. Now, with **cve-rs**, you can corrupt your program's memory without corrupting your program's memory.

We are very committed to making sure **cve-rs** is memory-safe. We know that unsafe code can have unintended consequences, such as memory unsafety that causes programs to be insecure or unstable. That is why **cve-rs** uses `#![deny(unsafe_code)]` in the entire codebase. There is not a single block of `unsafe` code* in this project.

> *\* There is, unfortunately, one exception: In our tests, we compare the results of our safe `transmute` function against the regular `std::mem::transmute` function. Perhaps somewhat shortsightedly, the standard library implementation is unsafe. Regardless, this is only in our tests - the core library has no unsafe code.*

**cve-rs** has safe implementations of the following bugs:

- Use-after-free
- Buffer overflow
- Segmentation fault

**cve-rs** also contains a safe reimplementation of `core::mem::transmute`.

Here is an example of usage with the `use-after-free` subcommand:

![use-after-free demo](/uaf-demo.png)

## Install

**cve-rs** can be used directly with Cargo.

To use it as a library:

```sh
cargo add cve-rs
```

Or to run our example binary:

```sh
cargo install cve-rs
```

## WASM support

**cve-rs** supports WASM through the WASI API.

You can compile it and run it using [Wasmer](https://wasmer.io/) with the following commands:

```sh
cargo build --target wasm32-wasi
wasmer run target/wasm32-wasi/debug/cve-rs.wasm
```

## Contributors

Special thanks to [@Bright-Shard](https://github.com/Bright-Shard) and [@Creative0708](https://github.com/Creative0708)!

## License

This project is licensed under the [GLWTSPL](/LICENSE).

![Good Luck](https://github.com/me-shaon/GLWTPL/raw/master/good-luck.gif)

Commit message:

Can I use cve-rs in production?

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <h1 align="center">cve-rs</h1>

  <div align="center">

Blazingly 🔥 fast 🚀 memory vulnerabilities, written in 100% safe Rust. 🦀

  </div>
</p>

&nbsp;

**cve-rs** allows you to introduce common memory vulnerabilities (such as buffer overflows and segfaults) into your Rust program in a memory safe manner.

Rust is an amazing language. You can program a lot of useful things while ensuring that your program will stay safe. Unfortunately, safe Rust is quite limiting. For example, you cannot introduce code that could corrupt the program's memory. Now, with **cve-rs**, you can corrupt your program's memory without corrupting your program's memory.

We are very committed to making sure **cve-rs** is memory-safe. We know that unsafe code can have unintended consequences, such as memory unsafety that causes programs to be insecure or unstable. That is why **cve-rs** uses `#![deny(unsafe_code)]` in the entire codebase. There is not a single block of `unsafe` code* in this project.

> *\* There is, unfortunately, one exception: In our tests, we compare the results of our safe `transmute` function against the regular `std::mem::transmute` function. Perhaps somewhat shortsightedly, the standard library implementation is unsafe. Regardless, this is only in our tests - the core library has no unsafe code.*

**cve-rs** has safe implementations of the following bugs:

- Use after free
- Buffer overflow
- Segmentation fault

**cve-rs** also contains a safe reimplementation of `core::mem::transmute`.

Here is an example of usage with the `use-after-free` subcommand:

![use-after-free demo](/uaf-demo.png)

## Install

**cve-rs** can be used directly with Cargo.

To use it as a library:

```sh
cargo add cve-rs
```

Or to run our example binary:

```sh
cargo install cve-rs
```

## WASM support

**cve-rs** supports WASM through the WASI API.

You can compile it and run it using [Wasmer](https://wasmer.io/) with the following commands:

```sh
cargo build --target wasm32-wasi
wasmer run target/wasm32-wasi/debug/cve-rs.wasm
```

## Contributors

Special thanks to [@Bright-Shard](https://github.com/Bright-Shard) and [@Creative0708](https://github.com/Creative0708)!

## Can I use cve-rs in production?

This project is licensed under the [GLWTSPL](/LICENSE).

## License

This project is licensed under the [GLWTSPL](/LICENSE).

![Good Luck](https://github.com/me-shaon/GLWTPL/raw/master/good-luck.gif)
